So we have just created our new Laravel project.
Now let's open it in visual studio code using trick so you can type Code Dart, which will open visual
studio code with all the contents of the current directory.
So there it is, our Laravel project.
I understand this might look a little bit intimidating for everyone that is new to Laravel, so let's
quickly go over the folder structure and all the files out there, what they mean and what they are
for.
Let's go over the most important folders and files from top to bottom.
So the first one is the ARB.
It contains all the business logic of your application, whether it is handling a request or interacting
with the database.
Then there is the conflict, so as the name suggests here, you will configure your application.
Then you have a database folder, which is for modifying and working with your database schema.
A public folder contains some entry points to your application on Index B file, and additionally,
May might contain some stylus scripts, images, things like this.
Then resources, well, it also contains Stiles scripts, but also translations and some HTML.
This is where you will be putting their views.
That's why we have this MVC separation.
So there is model models to leave in the app folder.
Controller controllers leave in HTP controllers folder and views.
Views are inside resources views Folarin.
Then the Roots folder are also very important one here, you configure routes to your application routes
are entry points to your app now.
Also, there is a storage folder, tests and vendor, which basically contains all the third party libraries
that you will install, including Laravel.
Now, if you are already feeling dizzy from all this new words like comptrollers, roots models, don't
worry.
We will cover that later.
Now, we are just having an overview of the project structure.
So continuing we have adult and file.
This is very important.
It contains some environment specific settings for your app.
Mostly this is credentials.
So, for example, database credentials, they might be different in your local machine and when the
app goes to server.
So this is a very useful file.
And then to manage any third party dependencies like third party libraries, you have composer Jason
Faile.
This is for PvP dependencies and package JSON, which is for JavaScript and an affront and dependencies.
So basically, that's it.
That's the most important folders and files in your Laravel project.